new article decoded 24 (#316)
airalab/robonomics.network: content/posts/beer-bar-decoded2024.md

Second day (July 12) - the temperature dropped by a few degrees but remained comfortable.

<rb-image zoom src="beer-bar-decoded2024/temp12.png" alt="temperature 12th" />

The temperature drop is related to the rain on the second day, which is clearly visible on the humidity graphs. Humidity increased by 10-15%. First day:

<rb-image zoom src="beer-bar-decoded2024/hum11.png" alt="humidity 11th" />

Second day:

<rb-image zoom src="beer-bar-decoded2024/hum12.png" alt="humidity 12th" />

### Motion Sensors

<rb-image zoom src="beer-bar-decoded2024/motion-sesnors.jpg" alt="motion sensor" />

Yellow indicates the time when someone was near the bar, gray - when there were no people. Motion sensor at the bar - first day:

<rb-image zoom src="beer-bar-decoded2024/motionbar11.png" alt="motion sensor at the bar 11th" />

Second day:

<rb-image zoom src="beer-bar-decoded2024/motionbar12.png" alt="motion sensor at the bar 12th" />

And PlayStation area - first day:

<rb-image zoom src="beer-bar-decoded2024/motionplay11.png" alt="motion sensor at the play zone 11th" />

Second day:

<rb-image zoom src="beer-bar-decoded2024/motionplay12.png" alt="motion sensor at the play zone 12th" />

> From the sensors, we can see that almost all the time the bar was open, someone was standing at the counter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the sensors, we can see that almost all the time the bar was opened, someone was standing at the counter. 
```

    """Decrypt message with recepient private key and sender puplic key
    :param encrypted_message: Message to decrypt
    :param sender_public_key: Sender public key

    :return: Decrypted message
    """
    if encrypted_message[:2] == "0x":
        encrypted_message = encrypted_message[2:]
    bytes_encrypted = bytes.fromhex(encrypted_message)
    return admin_keypair.decrypt_message(bytes_encrypted, sender_public_key)

def main():
    account = Account(ADMIN_SEED, crypto_type=KeypairType.ED25519)
    admin_keypair = account.keypair
    response = requests.get(f"<https://gateway.pinata.cloud/ipfs/{IPFS_HASH}>")
    print(response)
    with open("telemetry.txt", "w") as f:
        decrypted_content = decrypt_message(response.text)
        print(decrypted_content)
        f.write(decrypted_content)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()

```

As a result, you will get a "telemetry.txt" file with json inside. It will contain all the same data we reviewed above. You will just need to parse it.

## Conclusions

Thanks to all these indicators, we can say that the idea of “free beer” from ChaosDAO was successful, and people actively used it, 

> even though some of the beer wasn’t drunk. And thanks to the sensors and the Robonomics team, you can see quantitative and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
even though some the beer didn't run out. And thanks to the sensors and the Robonomics team, you can see quantitative and 
```
